[typespec-vscode] Add codefix for triple quate indent (#5458)
microsoft/typespec: .chronus/changes/add-codefix-for-triple-quate-indent-2025-1-6-8-10-18.md

---
# Change versionKind to one of: internal, fix, dependencies, feature, deprecation, breaking
changeKind: feature
packages:
  - "@typespec/compiler"
---

> Add codefix for triple-quote value formatting, currently supported warning 'triple-quote-indent','no-new-line-end-triple-quote' and 'no-new-line-start-triple-quote'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add codefix for triple-quote value formatting, currently supported warning `triple-quote-indent`, `no-new-line-end-triple-quote` and `no-new-line-start-triple-quote`
```
